Oct - 19th

    Create Single Question API (Written). ✅

    Create Multiple Question API with Photo Scan. ✅

    Delete Subject API. ✅

    Delete Question API. ✅


Oct - 20th

    Update the Create Test API to include handling for the Tests collection in Firebase. ✅

    Add a student UI that includes an offline mode, leaderboards, and a "Take Test" feature. ✅

    Implement offline test functionality. ✅

    Implement Take Test functionality. 
    
    Develop a Complete Test API that logs the student’s results into the leaderboard for the 
    respective test subject. 

Oct - 23rd

    Planned for different types of mode eg: 1 at a time, Full test at a time.












Tasks:
    
    Sync Delete API with the new Tests Collection Logic.




Nitrogen, Oxygen and CO2.

The rotation of earth around sun causes the changes in the season its mainly because of the distance of earth from sun.

Weather is something we call a season for example summer, winter or rainy, climate is something we feel like we feel hot during summer or cold during winter.

Earth has multiple layers such as the top layer, crust and the core.

Techtonic plates are the plates in which the land is standing and we have differnt contenents as a result of it, earlier there was only one techtonic plate called pangea.

Water cycle is the flow of water which maily consists of rain then water flowing in river and to sea then getting vapourised and then condensing and rain again.

renewable resources are the ones which can be recycled and available again where as non-renewable are resources which cannot be reproduced again such as petrol.

soil erosion is erosion flowing of soild due to rain or blowing wind it can be prevented by planting trees.

Mountain, Continent and Plateu

It is important so that we can rely on something that can withstand. example usgae of hidrogen fuel as hidroge is available in abudant.



I wake up at 7 am
i spend my weekend by going and watching a movie.
I like to eat eggs and omlet.
I prefer watching movies.
I help my paretns by some onile things.
I like my friends in the school.
Science is my favourite subject beavuse its quite intresting.
I travel to school by walking.
I pray to god that i get my visa.
I like EDM.









Note:
    For students taking a test, generate a unique random ID and assign it to each of them 
    so they can use it to view their results, even if multiple students share the same name.




Tasks to do later:

    Loader Integration

    Catch Errors
    -Including the person is offline or having internet issues.

    Add a more visually engaging loader on the “Upload Image” step — 
    something that feels like a “network connecting” or “data processing” animation.

Additional features to consider if time permits:

    Timed test-taking and automatic time tracking.

    Implement MCQ.

    Communicate to user that we are in offline mode or online mode.
